The best voices - voices that truly matter - never allow themselves to be heard.
Your voice moves as a whisper, murmuring inside larger winds.
Wise and sly and perfect, your instructions drop, leaving nothing but the hard sweet rime of enlightenment.
The path is set. Your voice is unleashed.
Your voice flows across the red rock and through the dead valleys, speaking in code and goads.
And from a great distance, in the midst of a thousand careful disasters, you watch the transformation with your own eyes.
The rose has blossomed.
But something transpired, kicked what was wet and fertile into space, stealing away everything of value.
Or perhaps what thrived here for a day or for ten million years decided to leave, peeling its wet organics off the bones.
You see the ruin ready to claim its birthright.
You wonder: will this world's second birth be its finest?
Even the largest body lets itself be pushed where it needs to be, seduced into nice, warm loving orbits.
Persistence is the key.
A cold giant shows its night face to you.
You put yourself on the perfect trajectory, and for a fraction of an instant you allow yourself the luxury of confidence.
A face emerges, drawn from plasmas and radiation...
There must be meanings in its roar.
It seems important, even critical, to tell every star from here to the black between the galaxies that you will be strong again.
But memory is heavy now.
It feels like lead and neutronium and electroweak matter fashioned into a moon-sized ball that you must carry as you move.
And it is your children you must turn to now, in time of need.
This has been such a long chase.
This will be the place you will fight. Fight and win.
But do you really know why you go where you go, and where this journey is taking you?
The chase leads you where you need to be, you believe.
Unless...you are being pushed.
The knife had a million blades.
And you were giant, powerful and swift. But the knife pinned you. Cut your godly flesh away.
The hard slick heart of your soul: That is what remains.
What lives is memory, and what slim portion of these thoughts can you trust?
The knife stole much more than your body.
The universe is a beast.
The body is made from tiny stuff, from near-nothings.
Simple, eternal Laws shape the beast.
The largest galaxy is ruled by principles of mass and motion.
And this is why the universe feels inexhaustible, eternal.
No sun complains about its death.
Life is the problem.
Origins don't matter.
But small, half-smart creatures have a fierce talent for denying the inevitable, for balking and complaining about injustices that don't exist and consequences that should be borne in silence.